---
layout: the-docs-thoughts-content
title: Voting
page.title: title
---
#####June 27th, 2016

##{{ page.title }}

Being only half-way through the year, we are already tired, weary, and ready
to give up on this voting fiasco. We feel Democracy has failed us, we have
been left to purge and sift our way through shit left by the past, and we are
almost perfectly content to sit back and acceptance shabby results because
we don't know how to fight anymore. Fucking downer, eh?  

As things look bleak with our two, potential, general election candidates for
2016, we rethink what our options are.
Some voters joke about utilizing the write-in vote for Mickey Mouse or their
friend Jerry. Some seriously consider writing in a group like Anonymous. Is
either choice wrong? Figure it out. Why wouldn't we consider skipping the vote
altogether?   

America has done a good job at pushing their youth to vote.
From "rocking the vote" to "no complaining unless you vote", we have convinced
our youth, young adults, even near-30s crowd that they all should *definitely* vote.
That's not bad, but now another group of adults has come to realize just how
futile it maybe be. A large number of folks are wondering just how in
the name of Flying Spaghetti Monster they ended up with Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton as
their only options.

##Why Vote?  

Some may recall their previous years as a vote for "the lesser of two evils".
Some may not have voted at all because of a lack of confidence or knowledge
about the options. Those who did not vote are usually met with, "If you didn't
vote, you don't have a right to bitch." I've heard that often enough to ask,
"Is that really the best advice we have?" Fuck. Fine, I'll research and
fact-check my ass off to determine the best candidate to vote for, if any.
If need be, I'll be the first to step up to you and say, "I will *not* vote
for any lesser of two evils." If you feel that you've done your research,
decided, and willingly or (still) confusedly voted for someone you thought was "good enough",
you have not earned the right to bitch about the people that hold office or
any other seats being sat. By saying that, I'd be willing to consider your vote
wasted anyway. So, why vote?

##When is a Vote "wasted"?  

I'm willing to consider a vote wasted if it's for "the lesser of two evils".
If you decided to dig deep into your chest of forgotten morals to determine how
"less evil" one thing may be from another, you should keep digging to find your
backbone and know when to say enough is enough. You can always write-in a vote.

Now, I'll consider a write-in for Mickey Mouse or other fictional characters
just as much of a waste. If you lost the will to care and think this has become
a joke (I know, I know, it looks like a joke), you shouldn't be voting anyway
or have at least, once again, lost your right to bitch about said chairs and
their occupants. I know, after America and your parents *finally* convinced you
to get out there and vote, you have no reason anymore. Other than hanging chads,
writing-in a fictional masterpiece, or deciding which costume Satan looks prettier in, make the choice to *really* get into
this "game". Find some folks who are just as pissed and confused as you are,
have a constructive talk, and determine what can be done as a collective.

##Keep Calm and (Don't let Jesus) Drive  

All this slow, repetitive, political banter and trash chucking is tiresome.  

(Just to get this out of the way, political correctness exists to show respect when
speaking to such broad, varying groups of people. It may be annoying and may have
strayed far from its origins, but that doesn't mean we should disregard it.)  

I realize I didn't actually *give* a reason to vote. You know the reason. I'm giving you the fire under your ass to work with others and find a solution. Remember, show respect to people, even if you don't feel they deserve it (within reason. Don't waste your time.). You are driving your own fucking car.
Grab the wheel, get your mirrors in check, show some grown-up-ed-ness, and make rational choices. Being courteous to people
isn't always bad, and no, you may not get something back in return.
If you ran into the one person wearing a lime-green T-shirt walking through a large, open parking lot, that turd's on you (and your car).
Take responsibility, accept what happened, *remember* it, and learn; otherwise,
get the fuck out of the driver's seat.
